Objectives-based Markdown feedback (#302)
Software-Improvement-Group/sigridci: docs/sigridci-integration/github-actions.md

        env:
          SIGRID_CI_TOKEN: "${{ secrets.SIGRID_CI_TOKEN }}"
        run: "./sigridci/sigridci/sigridci.py --customer <example_customer_name> --system <example_system_name> --source ."
      - name: "Save Sigrid CI results"

>         if: always()

Reviewer: Same question about `if: always()` here and for line 100

Select "Details" to see the output from the Sigrid CI check:

Sigrid CI provides feedback directly in your pull request:

<img src="../images/github-markdown.png" width="600" />

> The end of the textual output provides a link to Sigrid, which you can use in order to use Sigrid for interpreting your analysis results.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The end of the textual output provides a link to Sigrid, which you can follow to use Sigrid for interpreting your analysis results.
```
